Mentioning change notification in messaging docs (#10344)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/channel-list-messagereplies.md

This method lists only the replies of the specified message, if any. To get the message itself, simply call [get channel message](channel-get-message.md).

> > This API supports subcribing to changes (creation, updation and deletion) using [Graph change notifications](../resources/webhooks.md). This allows callers to subscribe and get changes in realtime. Please refer to ['chatMessage`](../resources/chatMessage.md) documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This API supports subscribing to changes (create, update and delete) using [change notifications](../resources/webhooks.md). This allows callers to subscribe and get changes in real-time. Please refer to [chatMessage](../resources/chatMessage.md) documentation for more details.
```

You can use the [$top](/graph/query-parameters#top-parameter) query parameter to control the number of items per response. 
The other [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) are not currently supported.

> ## Subscribe for changes

Reviewer 2: I thought that for now we aren't going to introduce a new H2 section in the API topics and rely on the note and link?

Author: Uh, miss, will remove.

Author: Done.

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [chatmessage](../resources/chatmessage.md) objects in the response body.

## Example

> #### Example 1: Getting replies to a message in a channel using GET API

Reviewer 2: There's only one example now so you can remove this heading, and the Request and Response sections can be H3s (###).
